hello today I want to share with you
how I prepare my tea
that my children and my children really like
grandchildren I tell them it's the tea of ​​the
granny
here in the teapot
We are going to be placing anise grass
luisa and tea the tea of your choice will
I also put 6 odor granites
cinnamon stick a cinnamon stick and
I always have myself in my refrigerator
as you know saved the shells
of orange and lemon let's put a
small piece of orange peel
so I always made my mother and
we liked a lot and that's the same
I do it to my children and
also now to my grandchildren
already the water is freshly boiled
we will place here in
the three sachets of the infusions
luisa anise and tea
we put the cinnamon stick the cloves
of smell and
the bit of orange peel
but it has to be inside
and we simply add
it's life just boiling water because
we have to let this rest so
minus three minutes
ah
I'm preparing the tea to take my
breakfast and I also do it for
Evenings when I want to drink something hot
to help me digestion
I already prepared a sandwich for payment
and I rest the tea in the teapot
in this
as this terrain through strainer
this happens
you can sweeten it with sugar
that you use
can you use it this
there are people who drink tea so
add the sugar I 'm going to add
blond sugar
I use also you are sugar that are
sugar substitutes
or if not well with what you
wish
this video is dedicated for my daughter
Nadia who loves tea that I
I prepare
and you saw little daughter how easy it is to do it
and this video is for you
I brought this sugar bowl from Peru and
have with me like 8 years